Hi everyone, my name is Yihui, and I'm very excited to teach the workshop titled Advanced
R Markdown, and I will be joined by my co-lecturer Alison Hill, and I also will have two guest
lecturers, Jenna Gu and Hao Zhu. This will be a two-day hands-on workshop, primarily
based on our recent book, R Markdown, the Definitive Guide. This work is designed for
those who want to improve their R Markdown skills. In particular, we will talk about
many low-level details that you probably don't hear very often. For example, how to tweak
the appearance of your HTML documents, PDF documents, or Word, or PowerPoint presentations.
So that is about how to customize your R Markdown output. And the second part, you will learn
some existing R packages, including flexdashboard for creating dashboards, bookdown for writing
books, blogdown for building websites, pkgdown for building websites for your R packages,
and articles for writing journal articles, and learner for building interactive tutorials.
We will also talk about some other features, including how to use or develop new language
engines, meaning that you don't have to use R in R Markdown, you can also use Python or
C++. And we will also briefly talk about some interactive components of R Markdown, including
HTML widgets and also Shiny documents. I gave a three-hour workshop on this topic in 2017,
in which I didn't really have enough time to explain all the details, so this time I
will be very excited to show you a lot more details in this workshop. I really look forward
to seeing all of you at the conference, and I hope you will learn a lot.